README.md, before:

# What is Maxwave Proxifier
Maxwave Proxifier is a rule-based tunneling application. It offers flexible configuration capability that allows users to fully control the network traffic on their device. Specifically it offers following system-wide features:

```
1. Certain sites or destination addresses can be blocked, allowing users to block malicious sites.
2. Traffic to certain sites or destination addresses can go through a designated proxy server, allowing privacy protection or censorship circumvention
3. A new DNS server can be specified by a user.
```

Maxwave Proxifier applies different actions to network traffic strictly based on the rule deployed by the user.

As a hub to forward designated network traffic through user-designated proxy servers, Maxwave Proxifier currently supports following proxy protocols:

```
1. HTTPs/HTTP Connect
2. Socks5
3. Shadowsocks
```

As of now, Maxwave Proxifier runs on Android devices, including phones, tablets and TVs. Support for other OS is being actively developed.

# What is Maxwave VPN
Maxwave VPN is a simplified version of the proxifier. Rule sets are actively maintained by the developer team, sparing users of efforts to maintain their own rule sets. Also proxy servers are provided by the developers who collect and scrutinize free proxy servers on the Internet. The scrutinization is run by both programs and humans, so as to ensure their safety.

Maxwave VPN aims to minimize user efforts on configuration. The only configuration capability it provides is for users to specify their own DNS server.

# Latest releases
|Release name|Support OS|Version|Download|External link|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Maxwave VPN for Mac v1.0.0|MacOS|1.0.0|[Download](https://github.com/PlayboyGorilla/maxwave/releases/tag/MaxwaveVPN_for_Mac_v1.0.0)|N/A|
|Maxwave VPN for Android v1.1.1|Android|1.1.1|[Download](https://github.com/PlayboyGorilla/maxwave/releases/tag/MaxwaveVPN_for_Android_v1.1.1)|[Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.maxwave.vpn)|
|Maxwave Proxifier for Android 1.2.14|Android|1.2.14|[Download](https://github.com/PlayboyGorilla/maxwave/releases/tag/MaxwaveProxifier_for_Android_v1.2.14)|[Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gorillakanzi.catrious)|

Commit message:

List what OS are support by Maxwave VPN

README.md, after:

# What is Maxwave Proxifier
Maxwave Proxifier is a rule-based tunneling application. It offers flexible configuration capability that allows users to fully control the network traffic on their device. Specifically it offers following system-wide features:

```
1. Certain sites or destination addresses can be blocked, allowing users to block malicious sites.
2. Traffic to certain sites or destination addresses can go through a designated proxy server, allowing privacy protection or censorship circumvention
3. A new DNS server can be specified by a user.
```

Maxwave Proxifier applies different actions to network traffic strictly based on the rule deployed by the user.

As a hub to forward designated network traffic through user-designated proxy servers, Maxwave Proxifier currently supports following proxy protocols:

```
1. HTTPs/HTTP Connect
2. Socks5
3. Shadowsocks
```

As of now, Maxwave Proxifier runs on Android devices, including phones, tablets and TVs. Support for other OS is being actively developed.

# What is Maxwave VPN
Maxwave VPN is a simplified version of the proxifier. Rule sets are actively maintained by the developer team, sparing users of efforts to maintain their own rule sets. Also proxy servers are provided by the developers who collect and scrutinize free proxy servers on the Internet. The scrutinization is run by both programs and humans, so as to ensure their safety.

Maxwave VPN aims to minimize user efforts on configuration. The only configuration capability it provides is for users to specify their own DNS server.

Maxwave VPN provdes support for Android devices, including phones, tablets and TVs. In addition, it supports **Mac OS, including both X86-based and the M1/M2-based Mac computers**.

# Latest releases
|Release name|Support OS|Version|Download|External link|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Maxwave VPN for Mac v1.0.0|MacOS|1.0.0|[Download](https://github.com/PlayboyGorilla/maxwave/releases/tag/MaxwaveVPN_for_Mac_v1.0.0)|N/A|
|Maxwave VPN for Android v1.1.1|Android|1.1.1|[Download](https://github.com/PlayboyGorilla/maxwave/releases/tag/MaxwaveVPN_for_Android_v1.1.1)|[Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.maxwave.vpn)|
|Maxwave Proxifier for Android 1.2.14|Android|1.2.14|[Download](https://github.com/PlayboyGorilla/maxwave/releases/tag/MaxwaveProxifier_for_Android_v1.2.14)|[Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gorillakanzi.catrious)|
